Atmosphere(s), as a unit of pressure.
Candela.
Sport utility vehicle.
Television (the system or a set)
A nocturnal burrowing mammal with long ears, a tubular snout, and a long extensible tongue, feeding on ants and termites. Aardvarks are native to Africa and have no close relatives.
An oblong frame with rows of wires or grooves along which beads are slid, used for calculating.
The building or buildings occupied by a community of monks or nuns.
A shortened form of a word or phrase.
The part of the body of a vertebrate containing the digestive organs; the belly. In humans and other mammals, it is bounded by the diaphragm and the pelvis.
Possession of the means or skill to do something.
An abnormal feature, characteristic, or occurrence, typically in a medical context.
The deliberate termination of a human pregnancy, most often performed during the first 28 weeks of pregnancy.
The repeal or abolition of a law, right, or agreement.
The state of being away from a place or person.
A very large quantity of something.
Use (something) to bad effect or for a bad purpose; misuse.
A place of study or training in a special field.
A substance used to aid the spread of fire.
A person or thing that causes something to happen or develop more quickly.
A distinctive mode of pronunciation of a language, especially one associated with a particular nation, locality, or social class.
The action of consenting to receive or undertake something offered.
A means of approaching or entering a place.
A thing which can be added to something else in order to make it more useful, versatile, or attractive.
An unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury.
A room, group of rooms, or building in which someone may live or stay.
A person who provides a musical accompaniment to another musician or to a singer.
Something that has been achieved successfully.
Give or grant someone (power, status, or recognition)
Conformity or agreement.
A portable musical instrument with metal reeds blown by bellows, played by means of keys and buttons.
A report or description of an event or experience.
The fact or condition of being accountable; responsibility.
A person whose job is to keep or inspect financial accounts.
The action or process of keeping financial accounts.
The quality or state of being correct or precise.
A charge or claim that someone has done something illegal or wrong.
A salt or ester of acetic acid, containing the anion CH₃COO⁻ or the group —OCCH₃.
A thing done successfully, typically by effort, courage, or skill.
A person who achieves a high or specified level of success.
A chemical substance that neutralizes alkalis, dissolves some metals, and turns litmus red; typically, a corrosive or sour-tasting liquid of this kind.
Acceptance of the truth or existence of something.
The fruit of the oak tree, a smooth oval nut in a rough cup-shaped base.
A person's knowledge or experience of something.
An asset or object bought or obtained, typically by a library or museum.
A unit of land area equal to 4,840 square yards (0.405 hectare)
(of synthetic resins and textile fibers) made from polymers of acrylic acid or acrylates.
Take action; do something.
The fact or process of doing something, typically to achieve an aim.
The action or process of making something active or operative.
A person who campaigns to bring about political or social change.
The condition in which things are happening or being done.
A person whose profession is acting on the stage, in movies, or on television.
A woman whose profession is acting on the stage, in movies, or on television.
A system of integrative medicine that involves pricking the skin or tissues with needles, used to alleviate pain and to treat various physical, mental, and emotional conditions. Originating in ancient China, acupuncture is now widely practiced in the West.
An advertisement.
The action or process of adapting or being adapted.
A device for connecting pieces of equipment that cannot be connected directly.
The fact or condition of being addicted to a particular substance, thing, or activity.
The action or process of adding something to something else.
The particulars of the place where someone lives or an organization is situated.
A word or phrase naming an attribute, added to or grammatically related to a noun to modify or describe it.
A small alteration or movement made to achieve a desired fit, appearance, or result.
The administration of a business, organization, etc.
The process or activity of running a business, organization, etc.
A person responsible for running a business, organization, etc.
Regard (an object, quality, or person) with respect or warm approval.
A statement acknowledging the truth of something.
A kind of clay used as a building material, typically in the form of sun-dried bricks.
The action or fact of legally taking another's child and bringing it up as one's own, or the fact of being adopted.
A hormone secreted by the adrenal glands, especially in conditions of stress, increasing rates of blood circulation, breathing, and carbohydrate metabolism and preparing muscles for exertion.
A person who is fully grown or developed.
The state or condition of being fully grown or mature.
Move forward in a purposeful way.
The process of promoting a cause or plan.
A condition or circumstance that puts one in a favorable or superior position.
The arrival of a notable person, thing, or event.
A word or phrase that modifies or qualifies an adjective, verb, or other adverb or a word group, expressing a relation of place, time, circumstance, manner, cause, degree, etc. (e.g., gently, quite, then, there).
A notice or announcement in a public medium promoting a product, service, or event or publicizing a job vacancy.
The activity or profession of producing advertisements for commercial products or services.
Guidance or recommendations offered with regard to prudent future action.
A person who gives advice in a particular field.
Public support for or recommendation of a particular cause or policy.
A person who publicly supports or recommends a particular cause or policy.
An event or sequence of events of a specified kind or that has previously been referred to.
Have an effect on; make a difference to.
A written statement confirmed by oath or affirmation, for use as evidence in court.
Officially attach or connect (a subsidiary group or a person) to an organization.
A spontaneous or natural liking or sympathy for someone or something.
Into conflict or difficulty with.
(in some religions) life after death.
The consequences or aftereffects of a significant unpleasant event.
The time from noon or lunchtime to evening.
An astringent scented lotion for applying to the skin after shaving.
A smaller earthquake following the main shock of a large earthquake.
An item or thing that is thought of or added later.
The length of time that a person has lived or a thing has existed.
A business or organization established to provide a particular service, typically one that involves organizing transactions between two other parties.
A list of items to be discussed at a formal meeting.
A person who acts on behalf of another person or group.
The deposition of material by a river, stream, or current.
Hostile or violent behavior or attitudes toward another; readiness to attack or confront.
A metal or plastic tube fixed tightly around each end of a shoelace.
Extreme physical or mental suffering.
Harmony or accordance in opinion or feeling; a position or result of agreeing.
The science or practice of farming, including cultivation of the soil for the growing of crops and the rearing of animals to provide food, wool, and other products.
Help, typically of a practical nature.
An assistant to an important person, especially a political leader.
Point or direct (a weapon or camera) at a target.
The invisible gaseous substance surrounding the earth, a mixture mainly of oxygen and nitrogen.
A safety device fitted inside a road vehicle, consisting of a cushion designed to inflate rapidly in the event of a collision and positioned so as to protect passengers from being flung against the vehicle's structure.
An aircraft designed to carry a large number of passengers economically, especially over relatively short routes.
An airplane, helicopter, or other machine capable of flight.
The price of a passenger ticket for travel by aircraft.
An area of land set aside for the takeoff, landing, and maintenance of aircraft.
An organization providing a regular public service of air transportation on one or more routes.
A system of transporting mail by aircraft, typically overseas.
A pilot or member of the crew of an aircraft, especially in an air force.
A powered flying vehicle with fixed wings and a weight greater than that of the air it displaces.
A complex of runways and buildings for the takeoff, landing, and maintenance of civil aircraft, with facilities for passengers.
A power-driven aircraft that is kept buoyant by a body of gas (usually helium, formerly hydrogen) which is lighter than air.
The air available to aircraft to fly in, especially the part subject to the jurisdiction of a particular country.
An anxious awareness of danger.
A white vestment worn by clergy and servers in some Christian Churches.
A very large oceanic bird related to the shearwaters, with long narrow wings. Albatrosses, some species of which have wingspans greater than 10 feet (3.3 m), are found mainly in the southern oceans, with three kinds in the North Pacific.
A blank book for the insertion of photographs, stamps, or pictures.
A colorless volatile flammable liquid that is produced by the natural fermentation of sugars and is the intoxicating constituent of wine, beer, spirits, and other drinks, and is also used as an industrial solvent and as fuel.
A recess in the wall of a room or garden.
A widely distributed tree of the birch family which has toothed leaves and bears male catkins and woody female cones.
A type of beer with a bitter flavor and higher alcoholic content.
Quick to notice any unusual and potentially dangerous or difficult circumstances; vigilant.
A leguminous plant with clover-like leaves and bluish flowers, native to southwestern Asia and widely grown for fodder.
The part of mathematics in which letters and other general symbols are used to represent numbers and quantities in formulae and equations.
A process or set of rules to be followed in calculations or other problem-solving operations, especially by a computer.
Used to indicate that a named person is also known or more familiar under another specified name.
A claim or piece of evidence that one was elsewhere when an act, typically a criminal one, is alleged to have taken place.
Belonging to a foreign country or nation.
A claim or assertion that someone has done something illegal or wrong, typically one made without proof.
A medical practitioner specializing in the diagnosis and treatment of allergies.
A narrow passageway between or behind buildings.
A union or association formed for mutual benefit, especially between countries or organizations.
A large semiaquatic reptile similar to a crocodile but with a broader and shorter head, native to the Americas and China.
The action or process of allocating or distributing something.
The amount of something that is permitted, especially within a set of regulations or for a specified purpose.
A metal made by combining two or more metallic elements, especially to give greater strength or resistance to corrosion.
A deposit of clay, silt, sand, and gravel left by flowing streams in a river valley or delta, typically producing fertile soil.
An annual calendar containing important dates and statistical information such as astronomical data and tide tables.
Having complete power; omnipotent.
The oval edible nutlike seed (kernel) of the almond tree, growing in a woody shell, widely used as food.
A long-haired domesticated South American mammal related to the llama, valued for its wool.
The rosy light of the setting or rising sun seen on high mountains.
A valveless wooden horn up to 12 feet (4 m) long, used for signaling in the Alps.
The first letter of the Greek alphabet (Α, α), transliterated as ‘a.’.
A set of letters or symbols in a fixed order, used to represent the basic sounds of a language; in particular, the set of letters from A to Z.
The table in a Christian church at which the bread and wine are consecrated in communion services.
The action or process of altering or being altered.
(of one or more things) available as another possibility.
The height of an object or point in relation to sea level or ground level.
The highest adult male singing voice; countertenor.
The chemical element of atomic number 13, a light silvery-gray metal.
A feeling of great surprise or wonder.
A river in South America that flows more than 4,150 miles (6,683 km) through Peru, Colombia, and Brazil into the Atlantic Ocean. It drains two-fifths of the continent and, in terms of water-flow, is the largest river in the world.
An accredited diplomat sent by a country as its official representative to a foreign country.
Hard translucent fossilized resin produced by extinct coniferous trees of the Tertiary period, typically yellowish in color.
The character and atmosphere of a place.
The quality of being open to more than one interpretation; inexactness.
A strong desire to do or to achieve something, typically requiring determination and hard work.
A vehicle specially equipped for taking sick or injured people to and from the hospital, especially in emergencies.
A minor change or addition designed to improve a text, piece of legislation, etc.
A desirable or useful feature or facility of a building or place.
A supply or quantity of bullets and shells.
An official pardon for people who have been convicted of political offenses.
A quantity of something, especially the total of a thing or things in number, size, value, or extent.
The state or experience of finding something funny.
A word, phrase, or name formed by rearranging the letters of another, such as cinema, formed from iceman.
The inability to feel pain.
Relating to or using signals or information represented by a continuously variable physical quantity such as spatial position, voltage, etc.
A comparison between two things, typically for the purpose of explanation or clarification.
Detailed examination of the elements or structure of something.
A person who conducts analysis.
The systematic computational analysis of data or statistics.
A person who believes in or tries to bring about anarchy.
A state of disorder due to absence or nonrecognition of authority.
The branch of science concerned with the bodily structure of humans, animals, and other living organisms, especially as revealed by dissection and the separation of parts.
A person, typically one more remote than a grandparent, from whom one is descended.
A small shoaling fish of commercial importance as a food fish and as bait. It is strongly flavored and is usually preserved in salt and oil.
(in science fiction) a robot with a human appearance.
The branch of medicine concerned with anesthesia and anesthetics.
A spiritual being believed to act as an attendant, agent, or messenger of God, conventionally represented in human form with wings and a long robe.
A strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
A condition marked by severe pain in the chest, often also spreading to the shoulders, arms, and neck, caused by an inadequate blood supply to the heart.
A plant that has flowers and produces seeds enclosed within a carpel. The angiosperms are a large group and include herbaceous plants, shrubs, grasses, and most trees.
The space (usually measured in degrees) between two intersecting lines or surfaces at or close to the point where they meet.
A cat, goat, or rabbit of a long-haired breed.
A unit of length equal to one hundred-millionth of a centimeter, 10⁻¹⁰ meter, used mainly to express wavelengths and interatomic distances.
Severe mental or physical pain or suffering.
A living organism that feeds on organic matter, typically having specialized sense organs and nervous system and able to respond rapidly to stimuli.
A style of Japanese film and television animation, typically aimed at adults as well as children.
The joint connecting the foot with the leg.
An ornament worn around an ankle.
